A case here there are solutions to each question.
So the first question was asking us how many bookings to customer ID 10 make in October 2017.
So we need to count the number of lines in the bookings table for Customer ID 10 so we can select count
Stolle
on bookings and then we need a WHERE clause.
So we need to say where customer ID equals 10 and October 2017.
Actually all the data in our database is for October 2000 1790.
So we don't need to wear clothes stating that the date must be in October 2017.
So let's run that query and we can see we have a value of 6.
So customer ID made six bookings in October 2017 and then the second question is asking us to count
the number of screenings for Blade Runner 2049 in October 2017.
So we need to count the number of rows in the screenings table where the screening was for Blade Runner
2000 in 2009.
So we need to select count staw
from screenings.
Now in the screenings table we only have the film ID.
We dont have the film name so we are going to have to do a join on the films table to get the film name.
Blade Runner 2049.
So we need to select count stuff from screenings S and M and we need to join films F on Dot film ID
so we have the film Id and the screenings table is equal to the film.
Id say stop film Id cause f id and then we can say where after that name.
So films table name call them.
Is it cool to Blade Runner 20 49 and then we can run that query and you can see we had 24 screenings
for the film Bladerunner 2049 in October 2017.
So the final question is asking us to count the number of unique customers who made a booking for October
2017.
So when you see that you have to select unique you have to think about the distinct keyword.
So here we can count the number of distinct customer IDs in the booking table Sidus type select count.
I put a pair of brackets type distinct open another pair of brackets and type customer ID.
So this is going to count distinct customer IDs.
I mean EMBA to close it with a second bracket there and then we want to say from the bookings table
say lets run this query and you can see is retired 105.
So 105 unique customers made a booking in October 2017 and if you remember from India we have 120 customers
in total.
So 15 customers didn't make a booking in October 2017.
OK so if you go beyond two or three questions and well done because I was quite a tricky exercise.
But if you didn't no worries just what the video solutions are for.
So if you have any questions about solutions please ask in the Q&A section.
But for now let's move on to the next video.